dap-python: Support attach mode (#384)
emacs-lsp/dap-mode: docs/page/configuration.md

            :name "My App"))
    ```

    `dap-python` supports also the "attach" mode to attach and debug a long running script.
    A template named "Python :: Attach to running process" is also pre-registered for this purpose.
    ```elisp
    (dap-register-debug-template "Python :: Attach to running process"
      (list :type "python"
            :request "attach"
            :processId "${command:pickProcess}"
            :name "Python :: Attach to running process"))
    ```
    The `${command:pickProcess}` configuration variable used by default to facilitate the user
    selecting the debug process by a completion popping up window. The real `processId` can
    always be specified using its *pid*.

    **Note**: on Linux this is achieved using the [ptrace syscall](https://www.man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/ptrace.2.html "ptrace syscall man page")

>     wrapped inside the gdb tool. Which mean below additional steps are also need to be done as well:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    wrapped inside the GDB tool, which means that for distributions that enable YAMA (e.g. Ubuntu) some additional steps may be necessary:
```

On this paragraph: shouldn't we state this is specific to distributions that use YAMA, like Ubuntu? From this thread I could gather that Fedora doesn't enable it by default: https://www.reddit.com/r/Fedora/comments/aeu3rj/yama_lsm_ptrace_restriction_disabled_by_default/.

Author: agree, it's better to say it that way.

      - Install GDB.
      - Turn on classic ptrace permission
        ```bash
        sudo sh -c 'echo 0 > /proc/sys/kernel/yama/ptrace_scope'
        ```
        Or starting the debugger under root user
        ```elisp

>         setq dap-python-terminal "sudo "

Author: sure, it should be.
Not sure what happen with my rebasing.
